= System Settings

System Settings is a plugin that provides a convenient way to store and retrieve system configuration settings in the
database. The plugin provides a single model SystemSetting with two properties name+, and value+ Names must be unique
whereas values have no such restriction.

To create and retrieve system settings, the usual active record operations can be used:

  SystemSetting.create(:name => "environment", :value => "production")
  SystemSetting.find_by_name("environment")   # => "production"
  SystemSetting[:environment]                 # => "production"

Note that you can lookup a system setting using either a string or a symbol.

== Installation

You have two choices for installation. The first uses a gem (recommended):

  config.gem "harukizaemon-system_settings", :lib => "system_settings", :source => "http://gems.github.com"

Or you can use the Rails plugin

  $ ruby script/plugin install git://github.com/harukizaemon/system_settings.git

Once installed, System Settings requires the creation of a single table. You may choose to perform this step manually,
or use the generator provided. To use the generator, run:

  ./script/generate system_settings_migration

This will generate an appropriately numbered migration script named <code>NNN_create_system_settings.rb</code> in the
<code>db/migrate</code> directory. The next time you run rake migrate, the table will automatically be created for you.

If you would prefer a different name for the script, simply pass the name as an argument. For example:

  ./script/generate system_settings_migration create_the_system_settings_table
  
The plugin fully supports and understands the following active-record configuration properties:

* config.active_record.pluralize_table_names
* config.active_record.table_name_prefix
* config.active_record.table_name_suffix

=== License

This plugin is copyright 2009 by Simon Harris and is released under the MIT license.
